SDK: Implementation for requesting for displaying Interstitial ads (#40)
rakutentech/js-miniapp: js-miniapp-sdk/README.md

	});
```

### 4. Show Interstitial Ad

> This is a helper function to make request to js bridge to show Iterstitial ads on the native SDK, The response is captured by a specific response type that is called InterstitialAdResponse and can be found [here](src/types/responseTypes/interstitial/index.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mini App JS SDK makes it possible to display Interstitial ads during the execution of a mini-app. MiniApp#showInterstitialAd facilitates the display of the Ad while pairing with the Mini App Native SDKs. The results of the display action are captured as [InterstitialAdResponse](src/types/responseTypes/interstitial/index.ts).
```

There is an adType key in the response type which is a value from AdTypes enum and the value for this response is set to `AdTypes.INTERSTITIAL`

> 
> 
> ```javascript
> miniApp.showInterstitialAd()

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```javascript
miniApp.showInterstitialAd()
```

	});
```

### 4. Show Interstitial Ad

> This is a helper function to make request to js bridge to show Iterstitial ads on the native SDK, The response is captured by a specific response type that is called InterstitialAdResponse and can be found here `src/types/responseTypes/interstitial/index.ts`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a helper function to make request to js bridge to show Iterstitial ads on the native SDK, The response is captured by a specific response type that is called InterstitialAdResponse and can be found [here](api/interfaces/interstitial.html).
```

The userguide and generated docs are published [here](https://rakutentech.github.io/js-miniapp). So if you need to link to a type, it should point to the generated docs. You can check the generated documentation by running `yarn sdk docs` and then look at the `js-miniapp-sdk/publishableDocs` folder.

Author: Updated the doc !
Thanks for sharing the tip!

> This is an intersection type consisting of a base interface called AdResponse can be found in  `src/types/responseTypes/AdResponse.ts` and InterStitial interface

Reviewer 2: I think this line can be removed as it's implementation details: the user doesn't need to know this.

Author: Changed!
